Fix several issues in webext storage docs (#43924)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/storage/onchanged/index.md

sidebar: addonsidebar
---

Fires when one or more items in any of the {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea', 'storage areas'}} changes.
If you only need to listen for changes in one storage area, use {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.onChanged')}} instead.

> Fired when {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}}, {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.remove','storageArea.remove')}}, or {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.clear','storageArea.clear')}} executes against any of the {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea', 'storage areas'}}.

Author: @rebloor I did not see the edit you described in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/43924#pullrequestreview-4201434762 . This is what you intended, right?

```suggestion
```

Reviewer: As discussed elsewhere, the deleted line is https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/43924/changes/b8ddbd3ebd7f5c3470ed6bcfb442cdda16d46fb2#diff-290285c0b842409595fc422eb75c72a432c324f46b53c9550c5b3f6cf18f7da6L13

sidebar: addonsidebar
---

> Fires when one or more items in any of the {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea', 'storage areas'}} changes, with details for the keys that changed.

Reviewer: @Rob--W a couple of points here:

- we don't normally provide a statement after the "Fires…" clause on the details provided to the listener
- I'm wondering whether "Fires… with…" might be ambiguous (is it a precursor or a result)
- you mention what's past to the listener in line 13

```suggestion
Fires when one or more items in any of the {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea', 'storage areas'}} changes.
```

Author: I tried to unify the descriptions of `storage.onChanged` and `storage.StorageArea.onChanged`.

The description on line 13 is missing from storage.StorageArea.onChanged's docs.

Reviewer: In all the documentation of events I've reviewed, they don't include a statement about the details provided unless it's explanatory, as with [onMoved](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/tabGroups/onMoved). And, similarly, they don't include an equivalent to line 13.

Author: Your edit looks reasonable to me.

Line 13 - the information was already there before, and with the additional remarks about the effects of the `set` method I suppose that it makes sense to enumerate some methods. But I would also be okay with dropping it.

> To listen for changes in a specific storage area instead of all, use {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.onChanged')}} instead.

Reviewer: Is it necessary to overload this sentence?
```suggestion
To listen for changes in a storage area, use {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.onChanged')}} instead.
```

Author: Yes the distinction is significant. `storage.onChanged` also listens to StorageArea changes (all of them in fact). I want to emphasize that if one is looking for changes in a specific one, that it is more efficient to attach a listener to the specific area.

Reviewer: In which case:
```suggestion
If you only need to listen for changes in one storage area, use {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.onChanged')}} instead.
```

Author: Perfect!

Fired when {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}}, {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.remove','storageArea.remove')}}, or {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.clear','storageArea.clear')}} executes against any of the {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea', 'storage areas'}}.

> The listener is called with details of the changed keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> [!NOTE]

> > In Firefox, the listener receives all keys within the storage area {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}} ran against whether they changed or not. The listener may be invoked when there is no change to the underlying data. Details of the changed items are found by examining each key's {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageChange')}} object. See [Firefox bug 1833153](https://bugzil.la/1833153).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In Firefox, the listener receives all the keys from a storage area where {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}} executes. The listener may be invoked when there is no change to the data. To find details of the changed items, examine each key's {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageChange')}} object. See [Firefox bug 1833153](https://bugzil.la/1833153).
```
